Add checks for handling SIGINT events (#411)
oamg/convert2rhel: CONTRIBUTING.md

```bash
make copr-build
```

### Avoiding calling yum API in some specific cases

We found out a bug that happened during the handling of a SIGINT
signal (or pressing CTRL + C), the problem was caused when a user pressed those
combination of keys during any step of the conversion before the point of no
return, thus, starting the process of rollback and failing in the first call
`yum` call to check wether or not some packages were installed on the system.

> The problem is that when we enter in that state of rollback after a SIGINT,
> `librpm` is handling the signal on their code (without any possibility to
> change this) and when the librpm detects that a SIGINT was raised, it
> understands that the execution of process should stop and a exit code 1 is sent
> to the user. One way to bypass that is not calling `yum` methods that actually
> trigger `librpm` in the process, instead, prefer calling the `yum` binary or
> any other binary that achieve the same output you desire. The reason for this
> change is that `librpm` won't trigger their handling of SIGINT if we call the
> binary directly with `call_yum_cmd` or `run_subporcess` for example, as it
> understands it's a new process and that process wasn't in the middle of the
> SIGINT raising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem is that when we enter rollback after a SIGINT, `librpm` handles the
signal in its code (without any possibility to change this). The `librpm` handler
detects that a SIGINT was raised, decides that the execution of the process
should stop, and sends 1 as the program's exit code. One way to bypass this
problem is not to call `yum` methods that actually trigger `librpm` in the
process, instead, calling the `yum` binary or any other binary that achieves
the same goal. By calling `yum` via `call_yum_cmd()` or `run_subprocess()`,
a separate process is started and the SIGINT is handled by that separate
process rather than the main convert2rhel process.
```

> For example, checkout the
> [PR#411](https://github.com/oamg/convert2rhel/pull/411/files#diff-51e9ff11d39778d3b26778b293fc350430a82e2feed0dab2938da7c0069ffdc6R84)
> that introduced the change, as well, some exaplantion on why the code was
> changed from calling the yum API to calling the `rpm` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, checkout
[PR#411](https://github.com/oamg/convert2rhel/pull/411/files#diff-51e9ff11d39778d3b26778b293fc350430a82e2feed0dab2938da7c0069ffdc6R84)
which introduced the fix for this bug, as well, some explanation on why the code was
changed from calling the yum API to calling the `rpm` command.
```

> Another example is this minimal code reproduction from
> [@abadger](https://github.com/abadger) where you can see the issue.
> 
> And lastly, here's a reference ticket that originated this issue
> [OAMG-5756](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OAMG-5756).
> 

Reviewer: Switch the order of these because the example code is given inline, right after these two.
```suggestion
Here's the ticket that originated this issue:
[OAMG-5756](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OAMG-5756).

Lastly, a minimal reproducer from
[@abadger](https://github.com/abadger) where you can see the issue.

```

```bash
make copr-build
```

> ### Avoiding calling `yum` API in some specific cases

Author: @abadger I've added a small statement about this case in the `CONTRIBUTING.md`. Let me know if it's good enough as I don't know if I did a good job explaining it.
